[ios] fix 'Location Services are disabled' unnecessary dialog (#7193)
organicmaps/organicmaps: data/strings/strings.txt

    pl = 1. Uruchom ustawienia

>     pt = 1. Abra as configurações
>     pt-BR = 1. Abra as configurações

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pt = 1. Abra a aplicação "Definições"
    pt-BR = 1. Abra o aplicativo "Ajustes"
```

    zh-Hans = 3. 使用应用时选择
    zh-Hant = 3. 使用應用時選擇

>   [location_services_disabled_on_device_1]

Reviewer 2: How is this string different from the location_services_disabled_1 string above?

Author: They are the same for now. Is it possible to use the same value for different keys in localized strings without duplicating values? I duplicate them to change separately if needed.

Reviewer 2: What is the value of duplicating existing strings? Let's avoid preliminary optimization. If someone needs to add new, different strings, for another task, then he/she will make a copy of existing strings and modify them.

Author: Already fixed!

>     comment = iOS Dialog for the case when the location services disabled on the device in Settings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    comment = iOS Dialog for the case when the location services are disabled in the global system settings
```

    tags = ios
    en = 1. Open Settings
    af = 1. Open Instellings
    ar = 1. افتح الإعدادات
    az = 1. Parametrləri açın
    be = 1. Адкрыйце Налады
    bg = 1. Отваряне на Настройки
    ca = 1. Obriu la configuració
    cs = 1. Otevřete Nastavení
    da = 1. Åbn Indstillinger
    de = 1. Einstellungen öffnen
    el = 1. Ανοίξτε τις ρυθμίσεις
    es = 1. Abre los ajustes
    et = 1. Ava seaded
    eu = 1. Ireki ezarpenak
    fa = 1. بازکردن تنظیمات
    fi = 1. Avaa asetukset
    fr = 1. Ouvrir les paramètres
    he = 1. פתחו את "הגדרות" (Settings)
    hu = 1. Nyissa meg a Beállításokat
    id = 1. Buka Pengaturan
    it = 1. Apri le impostazioni
    ja = 1. 「設定」を開きます
    ko = 1. 설정 열기
    lt = 1. Atidarykite nustatymus
    mr = १. सेटिंग उघडा
    nb = 1. Åpne Innstillinger
    nl = 1. Instellingen openen
    pl = 1. Uruchom ustawienia

>     pt = 1. Abra as configurações
>     pt-BR = 1. Abra as configurações

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pt = 1. Abra a aplicação "Definições"
    pt-BR = 1. Abra o aplicativo "Ajustes"
```

>     ro = 1. Deschide setările

Author: fixed all of your notices!
<img width="545" alt="image" src="https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/assets/79797627/50d2f446-9c81-4d91-8537-a078fef44d8c">

>     ro = 1. Deschide setările

Reviewer 3: Hmm, that's weird, I still see the old version (just here, all the other strings are OK):

![image](https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/assets/95696/8f5c82b4-a436-42f7-bfa7-b6bd4c0fac46)

>     ro = 1. Deschide setările

Reviewer 3: Oh, I get it, you changed line 16233. I was looking at line 16362.

>     ro = 1. Deschide setările

Author: I'll fix it

>     ro = 1. Deschide setările

Reviewer 3: Thanks!

    sv = 1. Öppna inställningar
    th = 1. เปิดการตั้งค่า
    tr = 1. Ayarları Açın
    uk = 1. Відкрийте «Налаштування»
    vi = 1. Mở Thiết lập
    zh-Hans = 1. 打开设置
    zh-Hant = 1. 開啟設定

  [location_services_disabled_on_device_2]
    tags = ios
    en = 2. Select Privacy
    af = 2. Kies Privaatheid
    ar = 2. حدد الخصوصية
    az = 2. Məxfilik seçin
    be = 2. Абярыце Прыватнасць
    bg = 2. Изберете Privacy
    ca = 2. Seleccioneu Privadesa
    cs = 2. Vyberte možnost Soukromí
    da = 2. Vælg Privatliv
    de = 2. Datenschutz auswählen
    el = 2. Επιλέξτε Απόρρητο
    es = 2. Selecciona Privacidad
    es-MX = 2. Seleccione Privacidad
    et = 2. Valige Privaatsus
    eu = 2. Hautatu Pribatutasuna
    fa = 2. Privacy را انتخاب کنید
    fi = 2. Valitse Tietosuoja
    fr = 2. Sélectionne Privacy
    he = 2. בחר פרטיות
    hi = 2. गोपनीयता का चयन करें
    hu = 2. Válassza az Adatvédelem
    id = 2. Pilih Privasi
    it = 2. Seleziona Privacy
    ja = 2.プライバシーを選択する
    ko = 2. 2. 개인정보 보호 선택
    lt = 2. Pasirinkite Privatumas
    mr = 2. गोपनीयता निवडा
    nb = 2. Velg Personvern
    nl = 2. Selecteer Privacy
    pl = 2. Wybierz Prywatność
    pt = 2. Selecciona Privacidade

>     pt-BR = 2. Selecione Privacidade

Reviewer 2: pt-BR strings equal to pt strings should be filtered out by translate.py, strange...

>     pt = 2. Selecciona Privacidade
>     pt-BR = 2. Selecciona Privacidade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pt = 2. Selecione "Privacidade e segurança"
    pt-BR = 2. Selecione "Privacidade e Segurança"
```

>     ro = 2. Selectați Confidențialitate

Reviewer 3: In iOS 17 this is called "Intimitate și securitate". Plus, the previous string is less formal. So here I suggest: `2. Selectează Intimitate și securitate`.

    ru = 2. Выберите Конфидециальность
    sk = 2. Vyberte položku Ochrana osobných údajov
    sv = 2. Välj Sekretess
    sw = 2. Chagua Faragha
    th = 2. เลือกความเป็นส่วนตัว
    tr = 2. Gizlilik'i seçin

>     uk = 2. Виберіть "Конфіденційність

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    uk = 2. Виберіть Конфіденційність
```

    vi = 2. Chọn Quyền riêng tư

>     zh-Hans = 2.选择隐私

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    zh-Hans = 2. 选择隐私
```

    tags = ios
    en = 3. Select Location Services
    af = 3. Kies Liggingdienste
    ar = 3. حدد خدمات الموقع
    az = 3. Məkan Xidmətləri seçin
    be = 3. Выберыце Службы месцазнаходжання
    bg = 3. Изберете Услуги за местоположение
    ca = 3. Seleccioneu Serveis d'ubicació
    cs = 3. Vyberte možnost Služby určování polohy
    da = 3. Vælg Placeringstjenester
    de = 3. Wähle Standortdienste
    el = 3. Επιλέξτε Υπηρεσίες τοποθεσίας
    es = 3. Selecciona Servicios de Localización
    es-MX = 3. Seleccione Servicios de ubicación
    et = 3. Valige Asukohateenused
    eu = 3. Hautatu Kokapen zerbitzuak
    fa = 3. Location Services را انتخاب کنید
    fi = 3. Valitse Sijaintipalvelut
    fr = 3. Sélectionne les services de localisation
    he = 3. בחר שירותי מיקום
    hi = 3. स्थान सेवाएँ चुनें
    hu = 3. Válassza a Helymeghatározó szolgáltatások
    id = 3. Pilih Layanan Lokasi
    it = 3. Seleziona Servizi di localizzazione
    ja = 3.位置情報サービスを選択する
    ko = 3. 3. 위치 서비스 선택
    lt = 3. Pasirinkite Vietos nustatymo paslaugos
    mr = 3. स्थान सेवा निवडा
    nb = 3. Velg Stedstjenester
    nl = 3. Selecteer Locatiediensten
    pl = 3. Wybierz Usługi lokalizacji

>     pt = 3. Selecciona Serviços de localização
>     pt-BR = 3. Selecione Serviços de localização

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pt = 3. Selecione "Serviços de localização"
    pt-BR = 3. Selecione "Serviços de Localização"
```

Author: @matheusgomesms may I remove а qutes ""?

>     ro = 3. Selectați Location Services (Servicii de localizare)

Reviewer 3: Again, let's use the same formality in all the strings: `3. Selectează Servicii de localizare`.

>     ru = 3. Выберите Службы Геолокации

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ru = 3. Выберите Службы геолокации
```

    af = 4. Skakel Liggingdienste aan
    ar = 4. قم بتشغيل خدمات الموقع
    az = 4. Məkan Xidmətlərini yandırın
    be = 4. Уключыце Службы вызначэння месцазнаходжання
    bg = 4. Включете услугите за местоположение
    ca = 4. Activeu els serveis d'ubicació
    cs = 4. Zapnutí služeb určování polohy
    da = 4. Slå placeringstjenester til
    de = 4. Standortdienste einschalten
    el = 4. Ενεργοποιήστε τις Υπηρεσίες τοποθεσίας
    es = 4. Activa los Servicios de Localización
    es-MX = 4. Active los servicios de ubicación
    et = 4. Lülitage sisse asukohateenused
    eu = 4. Aktibatu Kokapen Zerbitzuak
    fa = 4. Location Services را روشن کنید
    fi = 4. Ota Sijaintipalvelut käyttöön
    fr = 4. Active les services de localisation
    he = 4. הפעל את שירותי המיקום
    hi = 4. स्थान सेवाएँ चालू करें
    hu = 4. Helymeghatározó szolgáltatások bekapcsolása
    id = 4. Aktifkan Layanan Lokasi
    it = 4. Attiva i servizi di localizzazione
    ja = 4.位置情報サービスをオンにする
    ko = 4. 위치 서비스 켜기
    lt = 4. Įjunkite vietos nustatymo paslaugas
    mr = 4. स्थान सेवा चालू करा
    nb = 4. Slå på Stedstjenester
    nl = 4. Locatiediensten inschakelen
    pl = 4. Włącz usługi lokalizacji

>     pt = 4. Ativa os Serviços de Localização
>     pt-BR = 4. Ativar os serviços de localização

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pt = 4. Ative "Serviços de localização"
    pt-BR = 4. Ative "Serviços de Localização"
```

>     ro = 4. Activați Serviciile de localizare

Reviewer 3: `4. Activează Servicii de localizare`.

>     ru = 4. Включите службы определения местоположения

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ru = 4. Включите Службы определения местоположения
```
Оно именно так по-русски называется в системе?

Author: Мой косяк - Службы геолокации

    el = Ή συνεχίστε να χρησιμοποιείτε τους Organic Maps χωρίς Τοποθεσία
    es = O seguir utilizando Organic Maps sin localización
    es-MX = O continuar usando Organic Maps sin Ubicación
    et = Või jätkake Organic Maps kasutamist ilma asukohata
    eu = Edo jarraitu kokapenik gabeko Organic Maps erabiltzen
    fa = یا به استفاده از نقشه های ارگانیک بدون موقعیت مکانی ادامه دهید
    fi = Tai jatka Organic Maps käyttöä ilman sijaintia
    fr = Ou continuer à utiliser Organic Maps sans Location
    he = או המשך להשתמש במפות אורגניות ללא מיקום
    hi = या स्थान के बिना ऑर्गेनिक मानचित्र का उपयोग जारी रखें
    hu = Vagy folytassa az Organic Maps használatát helymeghatározás nélkül
    id = Atau lanjutkan menggunakan Organic Maps tanpa Lokasi
    it = Oppure continua a utilizzare le Organic Maps senza la localizzazione
    ja = または、位置情報なしでオーガニック・マップを使い続ける
    ko = 또는 위치 없이 오가닉 맵을 계속 사용하세요.
    lt = Arba toliau naudokite "Organic Maps" be vietos
    mr = किंवा स्थानाशिवाय ऑरगॅनिक नकाशे वापरणे सुरू ठेवा
    nb = Eller fortsett å bruke Organic Maps uten plassering
    nl = Of blijf Organic Maps gebruiken zonder locatie
    pl = Lub kontynuuj korzystanie z Organic Maps bez lokalizacji

>     pt = Ou continua a utilizar o Organic Maps sem Localização
>     pt-BR = Ou continue usando o Organic Maps sem o Location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pt = Ou continue a utilizar o Organic Maps sem Localização
    pt-BR = Ou continue usando o Organic Maps sem Localização
```

>     ro = Sau continuați să utilizați Organic Maps fără Locație

Reviewer 3: `Sau continuă să folosești Organic Maps fără Locație`

Author: @vgrigoriu thanks!

    ru = Или продолжите использование Organic Maps без определения местоположения
    sk = Alebo pokračujte v používaní Organic Maps bez polohy
    sv = Eller fortsätt använda Organic Maps utan Plats
    sw = Au endelea kutumia Organic Maps bila Mahali
    th = หรือใช้แผนที่ทั่วไปโดยไม่มีตำแหน่งต่อไป
    tr = Veya Konum olmadan Organic Maps kullanmaya devam edin
    uk = Або продовжуйте використовувати Organic Maps без визначення місцезнаходження
    vi = Hoặc tiếp tục sử dụng Bản đồ không phải trả tiền mà không có Vị trí
    zh-Hans = 或继续使用 "有机地图 "而不定位

>     zh-Hant = 或繼續使用沒有位置的有機地圖

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to extract these translations from GMaps iOS app? :)

Author: @biodranik in GMaps there are no such label :) 
I've added it to not confuse the user that without location the OM is useless (as gmaps - their offline mode is really awkward for me).
